So, guys, now let us try to understand the difference between giant Trad's and Gradational link list
with the help of a diagram.
So you can see that the following diagram represents the traditional link list.
And as we know that each node in the link list has a left pointer, has a right pointer, as well as
has a data member which actually points to the application data.
Right.
So this is how your traditional link list looks like in the memory.
Now, contrary to this, the jail threads look something like this.
Now you can see that in the traditional, doubly linked list, your application data is present elsewhere
in the memory and the load of the list actually stores the address of your application data.
So let us suppose that for this application data that addresses a than the note of a link list, which
actually points to this application data will hold the address in the data member of a node of a list.
Whereas in case of Gluba is doubly linked list, there is no such thing.
So, first of all, for the rest of the course to avoid any confusion, I will going to call group is
doubly linked list as G.L. threads.
Right.
And I will going to call a node of a group is doubly linked list as Geelhoed.
So it will avoid any confusion, whether I am referring to a. of a traditional list or I'm referring
to a. of a dual thread.
Now, you can see in the second diagram, the second diagram actually represents a real threat, which
is holding application data.
Now, we already know that Gaylord's doesn't have already started a member too blind to the application
data.
So you can see that this actually represents the Geelhoed and it has only left and right Mamba, which
points to the left and right node of a dual thread.
So you can see that the application data is actually tightly grouped with the Geelhoed.
So think of it like an application data has some sticky gum using which it can stick itself to any doubly
linked list.
No link list means G.L. threads and this sticky gum is nothing, but it is a load of a giant thread
that is G.A..
So you can see that this structure represents some application database your application is using and
one of the member of this structure is actually G.P.A..
So this member to be precisely saying that this member is nothing, but it is G.L. Thread Node and let
us call this member as glue because using this G.L. thread node, this application data will going to
stick itself to a thread.
Now, we will see in the remaining portion of the that how G.L. threads work, how application data
is glued to a thread and how do I to what a giant thread and how to access the application data while
iterating over a dual thread.
Now at least you must be getting some high level idea that what is the significance of the word glue
in glue based list.
So here glue means that something using which you can stick an object onto other object here.
One object is an application data and this application data has G.A. as one of its member.
This Geelhoed is nothing, but it is a glue.
And using this glue, this application data can actually stitch itself to a real thread.
So you can see that this application data, this is a member of application data, which is nothing
but a glue.
And using this glue, this application data has its itself to Adéle thread.
Now, as we proceed into this course, I will show you how to implement real threats and how to perform
various operations which you typically perform on a linked list on real threats.